Li Xiaoyi
Yes!
The person I've been thinking about is your mother
The doctor told you
Too bad your mom
Still not accepting my mom is not that easy to chase
It's really familiar to give me a biological agent
Your biological agent
You're already dead
Lin Xiaoyi
If you keep your mouth so big, get out of here
If you are full, change your clothes quickly
Doctor Eye, what do you want to do?
I just wanted to see you.
You're all adults now.
Stop twisting around
Just say it
What do you want?
I just said I just want you
The president of Boda who only keeps his heart
What kind of woman do you want around you?
No, why do I like me?
Take something other than my trust
I also want to persuade Mr. Bo
Don't put these tricks on my child
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.